## Hardware Interface Debugger

This is an add-on for the Vuforia Spatial Toolbox that contains a "hardware interface" that requires
no hardware! Instead, it hosts an interface on a local web server that can read and write values
to nodes (and thus AR content) in the Spatial Toolbox.

### How To Use

1. Install the add-on into your Vuforia Spatial Edge Server's `addons` directory
2. Restart your server, go to `localhost:8080`, click on the "Manage Hardware Interfaces" tab, and
   if the button next to "softwareInterface" is a yellow Off button, click it to turn it on.
3. Go back to the "Object Configuration" tab. You should see a new object named "testObject". If you
   don't, restart the Edge Server and it should appear, as a server restart causes each hardware
   interface to also restart, and the softwareInterface creates this object when it initializes.
4. Attach a target to the object so that you can see it in AR. A simple image target should suffice.
5. Open the Vuforia Spatial Toolbox app and look at the target you attached to the testObject. You
   should see a default tool with blue corners appear. If you change to programming mode, there
   will be a node attached to the center of this tool named "testNode". Draw a link from a slider
   tool to the testNode, and then from the testNode to a graph tool.
6. Open `localhost:8088` on your computer and you will see a page with a "Current Value" input
   box, and a "Submit" button. If you interact with the slider in AR to send values to the
   testNode, you should see the Current Value change on this web interface. If you type a new
   value into the box and press submit, you should see the graph in AR update with that value.

### Exploring The Code

This codebase is an easy entry point for learning how to use Hardware Interfaces.

`index.js` is executed by the Edge Server when the server is launched, and again each time the
hardware interface is toggled from "Off" to "On" in the "Manage Hardware Interfaces" web UI.

It shows how to do 4 useful things, in addition to some customized functionality that only this
interface needs. These 4 steps are commented in the code.

1. How to include the Hardware Interface APIs and only activate the interface if it is enabled.
2. How to create an object & tool & node (if needed) that this interface can read and write to.
3. How to listen to events/values from the external system and propagate those values to the node
   and any linked AR content.
4. How to listen for new node values from _within_ the system (e.g. values generated by AR content)
   and send those to the external system.
   
You can adapt this method to connect to all sorts of external hardware. Just swap out the express
server and socket.io with whatever connection method and communication protocol your hardware
uses. There's probably a Node.js package in existence that knows how to connect to your hardware
or system. Just import that package, and swap out the necessary pieces of this template to get
your interface up and running.
